hey everyone its Goku and I'm back to
answer some of your questions and
comments first I want to thank you all
for the thousands of responses we
received I read each and every one of
them and I wish I could answer them all
self first up we have 1018 iron man who
asks dear Goku what's your favorite food
well gee I have to say whatever's on my
plate in front of me at the time Shanno
extra asks what do central beans taste
like well they sort of tingle when you
crunch them and they kind of taste like
a bit of a combination between edamame
and Mountain Dew 1 Oh 30 asks are you
always hungry when I'm not busy trying
to save the world yes I'm always hungry
Sonic is back wants to know Goku what is
the meaning of life huh down that's a
tricky one I'd have to say it's to be
the best you can be to love your friends
and family avoid getting a heart virus
and to eat lots and lots of food
Benjamin Nolan asks hey Goku are you
still scared of needles the next
question please
Hadrian s says he from facebook asks why
is Shenron always so grumpy probably
because we keep waking him from his
sleep to grant wishes a dragon that
powerful needs his beauty rest
J hey K hey C to commented how do you
keep your hair so up spikey well it's a
little-known fact that when we say ins
perspire we sweat hair gel at least
that's what Vegeta told me you're an
idiot nation of oranges 696 says hey
Goku
do you like PewDiePie sure I like any
kind of pie except for the chart kind
nice guy Jesus asks hi Goku is GT Kenan
hmm I'm sorry I don't understand the
question and my P from facebook wants to
know Goku
why does it hurt when I pee well that's
all the time we have for now but keep
those questions and comments coming Goku
out
you